Hey welcome back my students.
So I hope you're having a really awesome day.
I'm having an extra ordinary day.
I almost cannot pronounce that word.
But anyway if you see the way I teach you guys I do this with love.
Why.
Because I want you to learn this course.
This class is this information and now fall asleep.
I mean two courses in lectures where you just fall asleep.
I don't want you to fall asleep and if you falling asleep right now go take five minutes.
Go get your coffee go go go get some natural energy drink out there and get up.
You need to focus.
All right.
So let's go into this beautiful.
And I'm talking to you could be 80 years old you could be my grandpa you could be my brother my sister
my mother whatever it is.
I'm talking to you talk to everybody the same you my students no matter who you are.
And I love you no matter what color you are and how old are you.
All right.
But anyway enough of me.
Let's go and get this going.
Right.
So the last lecture we learn how to create data on this lecture.
We're going to learn how to read it right but we already know this stuff.
I'm just going over again because this is the crud section.
So I have to go all over again.
All right.
I was going to copy and paste or that but why.
When we can just write it and get faster every time we write it re read.
So we getting I don't even have to explain myself what I'm doing right guys.
You already know this stuff.
You've done it a dozen times already.
Ok cool.
So we get a user array we assign it to a variable use a model find or fail.
We go one and this time we're going to use it for each eye because what we get out of here and we see
for each almost forgot a road right for each.
Do you believe it.
And my ph Pistone was not helping me there.
All right.
So we look to the user roles as role we pull that out.
And can you guess what you get out of here if you returned is this actually died dump it.
All right you can you can expect what you're getting out of it right guys this way you learn more the
more you return or you Vardhan pay or die down.
But you know when you pulling out information the more you learn about what you're getting out OK.
As you can see right now we're getting this object out of it.
All right.
But if you go and indict them.
Watch this.
If you died dump this use arole know what you get a collection and then you can say OK in the zero key
we have a object.
All right you can have another key which will be probably equal to one.
And then that's when the second one and you will have another object.
All right and this object has many different attributes and relationships.
Look it has a pivot table.
You can inspect these guys and even get smarter with this.
All right.
The more you dig in the more you're going to learning always always go back to the documentation.
I'm always going to try to put a link to each section but if I forget you know where to find the larva
that can go there and find the information you're looking for.
All right cool.
So that's what is called in depth learning.
All right you can look it up on Google.
The P in death the E P T H.
Learning every little thing that I do.
You can always go ahead and learn it really well and you become the best in Larabee if you do that.
So anyway you get a collection out of here and what we're doing with this collection is we're looping
through it and we're pulling all these object all right which is going to be wrong.
Now we're always going to be the object and you can go ahead and echo these out and call that property
of the object.
All right.
It's not at congers at all.
There we go.
So there we go.
All right.
I'm going to show you how to do some really cool tricks with this later on.
But not now.
Right.
But anyway thank you so much for watching guys.
This was a short lecture.
Hopefully you'll learn a lot and I see you in the next lecture.